README.md, before:

# Starter kit for a Terraform module

This is a Starter kit to help with the creation of Terraform modules. The basic structure of a Terraform module is fairly
simple and consists of the following basic values:

- README.md - provides a description of the module
- main.tf - defiens the logic for the module
- variables.tf (optional) - defines the input variables for the module
- outputs.tf (optional) - defines the values that are output from the module

Beyond those files, any other content can be added and organized however you see fit. For example, you can add a `scripts/` directory
that contains shell scripts executed by a `local-exec` `null_resource` in the terraform module. The contents will depend on what your
module does and how it does it.

## Instructions for creating a new module

1. Update the title and description in the README to match the module you are creating
2. Fill out the remaining sections in the README template as appropriate
3. Implement your logic in the in the main.tf, variables.tf, and outputs.tf
4. Use releases/tags to manage release versions of your module

## Software dependencies

The module depends on the following software components:

### Command-line tools

- terraform - v12
- kubectl

### Terraform providers

- IBM Cloud provider >= 1.5.3
- Helm provider >= 1.1.1 (provided by Terraform)

## Module dependencies

This module makes use of the output from other modules:

- Cluster - github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-ibm-container-platform.git
- Namespace - github.com/ibm-garage-clout/terraform-cluster-namespace.git
- etc

## Example usage

```hcl-terraform
module "dev_tools_argocd" {
  source = "github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-tools-argocd.git?ref=v1.0.0"

  cluster_config_file = module.dev_cluster.config_file_path
  cluster_type        = module.dev_cluster.type
  app_namespace       = module.dev_cluster_namespaces.tools_namespace_name
  ingress_subdomain   = module.dev_cluster.ingress_hostname
  olm_namespace       = module.dev_software_olm.olm_namespace
  operator_namespace  = module.dev_software_olm.target_namespace
  name                = "argocd"
}
```

Commit message:

Adds first pass of install of catalog (no entitlement yet)

README.md, after:

# Cloud Pak for Integration module

Installs the Cloud Pak for Integration operator catalog and sets up the necessary entitlements. This module is provided
more as a pre-requisite for the other modules that install operators/services that are provided by the Cloud Pak for 
Integration (e.g. App Connect, Api Connect, Event Streams) and not necessarily to be installed of stand-alone.
However, it is perfectly acceptable to install this module pre-emptively in a cluster before identifying which specific 
services you want to include.

## Software dependencies

The module depends on the following software components:

### Command-line tools

- terraform - v12
- kubectl

### Terraform providers

- IBM Cloud provider >= 1.5.3
- Helm provider >= 1.1.1 (provided by Terraform)

## Module dependencies

This module makes use of the output from other modules:

- Cluster - github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-ibm-container-platform.git
- Namespace - github.com/ibm-garage-clout/terraform-cluster-namespace.git
- etc

## Example usage

```hcl-terraform
module "cp4i" {
  source = "github.com/ibm-garage-cloud/terraform-ibm-cp4i?ref=v1.0.0"

  cluster_config_file = module.dev_cluster.config_file_path
  release_namespace   = module.dev_namespace.name
}
```
